README.md, before:

# code-links package

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/AsaAyers/code-links](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/AsaAyers/code-links?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

Makes parts of your code linkable using ctrl+click. Pluggable architecture
allows other plugins to provide link locations and destinations. [docs](docs/service_provider.md)

I have been informed that on a mac ctrl+click opens the context menu. v0.2.0
will detect this and use alt instead.

![screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AsaAyers/code-links/master/screenshot.png)

By default the blue underlines only show up while holding your modifier key (either `ctrl` or `alt`). I turned these on for the screenshot.

## Known plugins

* [coffee-links](https://atom.io/packages/coffee-links)

## Web Page URLs

Plugins may choose to link to URLs instead of a file on disk. The link opens the URL in the default external browser or shows the web page inside atom if the package `web-browser` is installed.

# Upcoming plans

* core
  * [x] Hide the underlines by default, only show them while holding the modifier key.
  * [x] Add the ability to jump to a specific line in a file once it's open.
* JavaScript Processor
  * [x] Parse the AST and read all `require()`s and `imports`.
  * [x] Jump using module names that aren't relative paths.
  * [x] Make variables into links so you can jump to where they're defined.

```javascript
const SubAtom = require('sub-atom')
// ... many lines later ...
    this.subs = new SubAtom()
    //              ^
    // Jump the same as if you clicked the require.
```

Commit message:

Prepare to move to js-hyperclick

README.md, after:

# code-links package

Deprecated
==========

If you use `code-links` for scanning JavaScript and not CoffeeScript, you should uninstall it and install [`js-hyperclick`][js-hyperclick] and [hyperclick][hyperclick] instead.

code-links
==========

`code-links` does two things:

1. Provide a service allowing other plugins to scan code to produce links.
2. Acts as one of those other plugins providing JavaScript scanning.

Combining these two was a mistake that I'm going to fix now.
[hyperclick][hyperclick] completely overlaps with the first goal of this
project. As for the 2nd goal, I have rewritten `code-links` as [`js-hyperclick`][js-hyperclick].

What about the other plugins?
=============================

I got no traction in getting others to write plugins for `code-link`. The only
plugin I'm aware of is [`coffee-links`][coffee-links]. I have no plans to
rewrite or migrate this plugin. I have moved away from using CoffeeScript as it
provides very few benefits over ES6.

[hyperclick]: https://atom.io/packages/hyperclick
[js-hyperclick]: https://atom.io/packages/js-hyperclick
[coffee-links]: https://atom.io/packages/coffee-links
